Add note about initial startup time to install doc (#87)
hacs/documentation: documentation/configuration/basic.md

_If something failed, you will be taken back to the [Add your configuration step](#add-your-configuration)_

:::info

> The initial startup can take up to 1 hour, for more details click [here](https://hacs.xyz/docs/faq/initial_startup)

Reviewer: The 1 hour will change, I don't want to change this information multiple places in the future.

```suggestion
[Click here](https://hacs.xyz/docs/faq/initial_startup) for more information about the first startup of HACS.

```
